that something happened yesterday
with the Rocío Jurado auditorium the thing about the
Rocío Jurado Auditorium is that it
's not really hers no I mean it has a
man but as a tribute No of course it's that
she This auditorium was inaugurated I
remember Well I remember I was two years old
You some
more in
1992 following the Expo of 92 so it
was clear it was inaugurated with other
artists but it wasn't until like 15 years
later when they named it
Jurado but
that is part of the city council it
has nothing to do with it it's not property of
Rocío Jurado nor right now the daughter that
I thought before when we were
talking about it doesn't have the rights or anything I mean it
has absolutely nothing to
do with what I was thinking ago or rather I
thought that yes you know I say something that has
the name of Rocío Jurado unless I'm
missing something I understand that the daughter
not by rights already something but no no in
this case no Of course no then tribute
for example there is of Ay yo near Ay but I
don't remember What is famous near
my mother's house there was a
senior center that  It also had the name of
a famous person but I don't remember
who it is but of a famous person but I don't know
why these are things that are done as a
tribute no and And yesterday it came out Ardiendo
so
mm The reasons are unknown at the moment
now we are going to put a little a
little report that I have done because
lately I like to move my
ass from de la Silla eh careful eh But
first I wanted to put this little video that
Marina sent me from tiktok of these in
front because Wait wait that the as
the association eh legacy Expo I think it's
called eh they have been there for months because of course
This has been abandoned for a while in fact my
friend Víctor told me this a lot but there are
many uh everything around the
Expo is practically abandoned except
for Isla Mágica and I mean there is an area
that is the one that makes me feel sorry for the
park that is behind the
antique nightclub in front of Isla
Mágica and so on no that it has El
Pirulí this one called Banesto that
has a piece of land that is a park or
rather some gardens and a park and they are
abandoned it's like [ __ ] But
this  why doesn't the city council take it
and get it going and because I
think I know why, look apparently
according to what I've read. Well, I've seen
like a confrontation between two
politicians, which of course is also political,
apparently this association is complaining
that it believes that it has been abandoned for a
long time and they want to leave it more and more
abandoned, squatters, vandalism, etc., etc.
because what they want to build there are
hotels and buildings, in other words, to give it an
economic return. And so that's why
the neglect. And now, as a result of
this, the city council,
apparently the mayor, who you know his
name or I don't know, I haven't come out to say,
no, no, we're going to recover this
because great international artists have passed through here. It's just the same
old thing, yes, it's the same old thing,
yes, the money in the end, eh,
apparently I've seen José Luis San. Okay,
I've seen a war between two politicians
over this issue on Twitter and I say, oh
my God, I'm really going to put
this video up and we can continue commenting. Okay,
also, we have a little video now that
I approached you yesterday, you asked me for it, but it
just happened when I  I was starting
straight that I would have gone because
the fire wasn't extinguished until midnight.
No, yes, but don't think
you could get too close, I
mean, you can't, it's far away because it's a
very large area and there's a fence that's way
before you get to the said sa, I
mean, what you were going to see from afar
was fire, which was going to be nothing more than the
images that we're seeing here on the
internet, yes, yes, yes, the Rocío
Jurado auditorium, which was once the heart of
great shows and a symbol of
Expo 92, is now experiencing its worst
moments two years ago, the
contract with the company that ran it ended and
after a long legal process it returned to
the city council last October,
there were plans to recover it as a
cultural space but while that is being carried out,
the place remains completely abandoned.
Last Monday, November 25th, a
call alerted them of a new act of
vandalism. The workers who
came found a sight
that left them open-mouthed, the
doors were destroyed and the warehouses
under the stands had been looted, razed
and had  They took everything they
could, sound equipment,
projectors, stage materials, and
metals such as copper, iron, and aluminum.
They even cut the
power lines, causing serious damage.
Unfortunately, this is not an
isolated cause. In recent months, the
auditorium has suffered fires, fires, and
constant destruction. It is urgent to
act before the deterioration is
reversible and this space becomes
unusable, thus losing the
opportunity to return it to the
cultural life of Seville. But at this point, I'm
sure we are no longer surprised, tell me
what you think in the comments. I read you.
[ __ ], what a shame, such a
big place and such such good facilities. No, no, no,
and such a good location and such good, I mean, they
are good facilities, you know. I don't
understand why this is being abandoned. I
imagine that there are conflicts between, I don't know,
owners and this belongs to you.
Well, no, you take care of the city council,
you take care of it, I'll take care of it. And look, you
are in a place that could be
very profitable, I mean, because it is a
good place for concerts, the truth is, and for
events, blame, blame, blame the
city council, from this association from the
East, but that, that, no, that there
are  negligence that they have tried to
explain what is happening what
this girl has explained the vandalism
the robberies the thefts the eh the people who
go there Well, to the point and that nothing that from
the city council there is no
response so far Of course
this has happened No that they have already been
warned of what has been going on for a while
and the city council seems to feel a bit
obliged supposedly to give some
explanations no I don't know I would love to
be there to know more you who are there or
rather like that I think it has
been pure vandalism by whatever I don't
think there is any T story but just some
kids who for whatever reason are fanning
weed set fire to it I don't know
any old thing you know I mean yes it is
true that it seems quite a coincidence to me
that so many acts of
vandalism are happening in the same place and there is one
thing that has caught my attention that in
the images that I have recorded that you are going to
see now of course I have recorded and I have
zoomed in on the parts that I say
wow look look look at the ravages
of the fire and I am seeing here in this Tito
that  this Tito that we just saw
is from 4 days before and those
fire marks already exist So it's caught
fire more than once but I think it's not
as heavy as this No because if not we
would have known about it I mean it would have been
minors let's see I think it's another area
But look I'm going to put the video
while people give it a
like well what you're seeing over
there starts I don't know if you can see it well
that's the auditorium of Ros Jurad
let's go see if we can
find out something to see if
the cause has been confirmed No The reasons for the
fire that happened And it's only
3 days ago Uh well there was some
vandalism at night there are also
problems not in circumstances not between
changes of owners and things that you
have surely seen in a titto
that we have
put before seeing this video
But well Look here you are
seeing that the state it is in is
deteriorated not abandoned or rather
totally abandoned but as is the
entire Charterhouse or rather really everything
that was the Charterhouse There are a lot of
areas and there are a lot of things that
are abandoned  which are a shame let's see
if I can find the area where the
fire was Well there you can see that there
is a cable car and there are a lot of things
that are there not to use not like this that is is as it is
no but there are a
lot of viewpoints and things that the
truth is it is very sad that it is like this no
but well here there is not here what there is is
a police car terrace many
police cars here you have the
auditorium okay r
Jury there I'm going to come closer
so I'm going to come closer so we can
see how it is turned off okay it turned off
last night
okay come on here for a
second here we are we are talking about the
fire But the truth is that the
state it is in You're going to see it
now in a
second V Look take it take it Look look look look it is
tremendous
eh it is abandoned
Pure over
here look how it is done Look how
everything is it is that we are talking about the
fire but come on This is in The
Walking Dead it is tremendously
abandoned it is a shame eh It is a
shame that this space is not being taken advantage of let
's come closer
here look over there you can see the
ravages of the fire
that seems like the typical place where  I
hid the Walking Dead among myself I mean
what a
horror, let's go no but that's how it is that's how
things are like that and well the
reason for the
reason for the fire yesterday,
well, I don't know, it's not known yet okay
the police tell me it's being investigated
but I don't think
that issue will be investigated much No man, let's see This
is speculation and until they don't Well let's
see if they find out the causes But
well everything indicates that if what he's been
seeing there eh I mean if he
asks me if already like a walking Avi who
passes by there knows a little about the history
what do you think happened well man
knowing that there is vandalism
lurking around there eh the people of what they're
going to do there etc well man I would say
that it's not a coincidence to me either, not a coincidence
certainly not eh I do
n't know let's see on a Saturday, a Saturday
when the kids go out no I mean it's a
place where also right now No right now there's no
disco I don't know what the
atmosphere is there I'm already like you and And you say on a
Saturday the kids go out, I go out on a
Saturday and I don't do that you already
but the  girl fabrics